 Ladies and gentlemen, esteemed colleagues and fellow visionaries of the Digital Frontier. Welcome. My name is Blaze, and today, I'm not just going to show you a product, I'm going to introduce you to your future business ally, the AI Auto Marketing. Imagine, for a moment, the sheer volume of content needed to stay relevant in today's fast-paced market, the endless brainstorming, the drafting, the editing. It's a time-consuming beast that feasts on your resources. But, what if you could tame this beast? Enter AI Auto Marketing, your new content creation powerhouse. And the heart of our revolutionary tool is one main technology, the mix-shell 8x7 billion parameter model. Think of it as your new best friend in marketing. The mix-shell model is the brain, with the cognitive window so vast that it makes the grand canyon look like a crack in the sidewalk. It consumes context like a gourmet chef savers a fine meal. Ensuring every piece of content degenerates is not just relevant, but resonates. Now, let me show you the magic in action. This is for the AI Monitor, which takes in highly curated Twitter influencers and gets a feeling for the current landscape, the current AI landscape, based off of these select high-quality individuals. So, we have a subscribe button, not currently functional, but we have functional is just the MVP and the base idea. So, every day we'll have a scheduled run where it'll run a prompt on the current log of high-quality data that we've curated. So, this is what was made for today. We have a super base in our monitor, so we have some super base news, super base hit 8K on, looks like on Reddit. So, congrats to them. We have weights and biases, biases, but it's carry-felps. So, he is the founding PM of weights and biases, biases, semantic router. So, James Briega, influencer in the AI space makes AI content, talked about semantic router, and you can see that all this stuff is basically like AI generated, and I'll go into how that work for the works. So, we're using N8N to automate the curation and collection of data. This data takes either web-put calls or RSS feed triggers. For production, we're going to turn this into something a little bit more customizable and repeatable that we can offer as a product on the platform. But for now, MVP purposes is what we're using to collect our data. From here, the choice to use this Google Doc for the storage of this information is purely a MVP decision. Eventually, we're going to look to put the application and store it into a regular SQL database and handle the server logic querying with credit routes to get the step of information. But, we are using this for now. And I am using the mixturel 8 by 7-build parameter model hosted by Claire Fei, which makes it really easy to use these models and serve it as an API. And you can see, we have a specific prompt, and obviously, we can improve the prompt engineering for the output. But the message gets generated based on by this mixturel API, which is really good because of that 32k context window. And then from there, it gets sent to the front page, the website. So that's a quick demo. A lot of it still has to be completed. This was a 24 hour hackathon, so there's a lot more work that can be done and will be done. So thank you. Did you feel the ground shake? That's the scalability of our platform. As your business grows, AI Automarketer scans toll, unfazed, delivering performance that is as smooth as my last one line. And let's talk about usability. Our next JS, our user interface is the epitome of sleep design. It's so intuitive that your team will spend less time learning and more time creating. Commercial viability, market potential, those are the languages we speak fluently. With AI Automarketer, your marketing strategy isn't just a plan. It's a journey to the top of the industry. I hope you're feeling the clarity of our vision, the potential of our technology, and the sheer power that the AI Automarketer brings to your fingertips. Behind this innovation is a team, not just any team, but a symphony of talent, dedication, and expertise. This was built and engineered by me, myself, and I. So what's your next step? It's simple. Embrace the future of marketing, unleash the potential of your business with AI Automarketer. Let's not just ride the wave of innovation. Let's make the wave. Thank you for your time. Your open minds and your inevitable decision to join us on this remarkable Jaggi.